{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh14540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 CS470 - Group Project
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Spring 2014\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b \cf0 Group Members:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 Steve Kyles\
David Wells\
Eric Wooley\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b \cf0 Statement of the Problem:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 Create an iPad app that can be taken into a middle school, distributed to a class, and begin the process of introducing them to the basics of programming. An ideal implementation would involve creating a lesson plan that could be easily integrated into the current curriculum that said schools have in place. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b \cf0 Programming Language of Choice:  
\b0 JavaScript
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1

\b \cf0 Project Components:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	iPad application, containing individual logins for each student\
\uc0\u9679 	Web app, allowing school teachers, or anyone with valid credentials, to quickly and easily create content for the students.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 How To Use:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 There are two types of users for this app:  Students and Teachers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 To login as a student:\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 username - dwells\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 password - capstone1\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Once logged in, you can view and begin the first lesson we have implemented,  \'93Introduction\'94. Each lesson takes you through 5 sub lessons, each with a goal or programming concept in mind. Each sub lesson contains 5 smaller exercises that take you step by step through that specific sub lesson and it\'92s goal.\
\
When a teacher would like to create or edit lessons they will need to login to the Course Editor.  If you log out and go back to the main login screen, you can tap \'93Course Editor\'94 below the login button. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 \
To login as a teacher:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 username: skyles\
password: capstone1\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Once logged in, you can view \'93My Courses\'94 and navigate to the JavaScript course. This view allows you to view/edit the current JavaScript course we\'92ve implemented. Any changes to the course are auto-saved to our parse database. (We ask that any changes made are removed, and the lesson is put back to it\'92s original state)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Features:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i Courses
\i0  -  Each course can be thought of as a week-long curriculum containing with 5 sub-lessons to be completed each day of the week.  We have implemented an \'93Introduction\'94 lesson plan to start.
\i \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i User created courses/ lessons 
\i0 - Using the teacher portal the user has the opportunity to create courses/ lessons of their own.  
\i \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i Quizzes
\i0  - Teachers will be able to set up quizzes for students and control access and content of quizzes.  (Coming soon). 
\i \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i Free code editor 
\i0 - A student can test their new coding skills and play around in our free code editor which allows the user to write and execute basic javascript functions.
\i \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i Separate Portals 
\i0 - Students log in to the app to complete their courses and quizzes; Teachers use the Course Editor feature to log in and create/ edit courses.  
\i \
}